feat(pyroscope/scrape): add support for configuring CPU profile's duration scraped by `pyroscope.scrape`. (#6827)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/reference/components/pyroscope.scrape.md

`delta` | `boolean` | Whether to scrape the profile as a delta. | `false` | no

When the `delta` argument is `true`, a `seconds` query parameter is

> automatically added to requests. The `seconds` used will be, by default to `scrape_interval - 1`
> , or `profiling_duration` if specified. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
automatically added to requests. The default value for the `seconds` query parameter is `scrape_interval - 1`. If you set `profiling_duration`, then `seconds` has the same value as `profiling_duration.  For example, if you set `scrape_interval` to `"15s"`, `seconds` defaults to `14s`. If you set `profiling_duration` to `16s`, then `seconds is set to `16s` regardless of the `scrape_interval` value.
```

This probably isn't the final wording. I'm trying to understand the logic first... is this close?

Author: Yes, that's the correct logic. I think your suggestion is sufficient but alas, there's a missing backtick here :D

<img width="363" alt="image" src="https://github.com/grafana/agent/assets/41283691/904ac18c-df63-49ee-a988-47c29b7f1ed2">

Reviewer: I've updated the suggestion a little. I fixed the missing backtick, and adjusted the wording slightly.. and included semantic linebreaks.

When the `delta` argument is `true`:
* The [pprof][] HTTP query will run for a certain amount of time.
* A `seconds` parameter is automatically added to the HTTP request.

> * The `seconds` used, by default, will be equal to `scrape_interval - 1`
>   or to `profiling_duration` if specified.
>   For example, if `scrape_interval` is `"15s"`, `seconds` will be 14 seconds
>   If `profiling_duration` is set as `"16s"`, `seconds` will be 16 seconds regardless of `scrape_interval`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The default value for the `seconds` query parameter is `scrape_interval - 1`.
   If you set `profiling_duration`, then `seconds` is assigned the same value as `profiling_duration`.
   For example, if you set `scrape_interval` to `"15s"`, then `seconds` defaults to `14s`.
   If you set `profiling_duration` to `16s`, then `seconds is set to `16s` regardless of the `scrape_interval` value.
```
